At Orbx we design and develop simulation content for business and consumer applications, such as:

General-purpose virtual environments
Specialist aviation content for simulators and game engines
Game development
Digital Twins
We are seeking a skilled and passionate Technical Artist to join our dynamic team working on the development of real-world environments and game projects in Unreal Engine 5. As a Technical Artist, you will play a crucial role of seamlessly integrating the great work of our artists and ensuring all assets are optimised for performance. Your expertise will be essential in creating immersive and visually stunning experiences.

Responsibilities:

Collaborate with the art team to design and implement efficient art pipelines including smooth asset integration, materials setup, and optimization within Unreal Engine.
Integrate 3D art assets into Unreal Engine, ensuring they adhere to technical and artistic specifications.
Create and implement shaders and particle systems that enhance visual quality.
Rig and animate assets using Unreal Engine’s Spline blueprint and other systems. 
Troubleshoot and resolve technical issues related to art asset integration, materials, animation, lighting and performance issues.
Collaborate with the rest of the team to ensure environments are made to specifications and on time.
Conduct thorough testing of assets and scenes to ensure they meet technical and visual standards.
Develop and maintain procedural, artist-friendly tools for asset creation. 
Support the art team in use of these tools.
Requirements:

Demonstrated proficiency in Unreal Engine, including asset integration, material creation, animations and blueprint creation.
A solid understanding of both artistic principles and technical knowledge, with experience in 3D art tools (e.g., 3Ds Max, Maya, Blender, Houdini) and shader development.
Expertise in rigging and animating in 3ds Max.
Familiarity with Python, C++ or at least one other programming language.
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
Superior, proven and undisputable work ethics.
Highest attention to detail.
Capacity to solve complex problems which may present themselves during production.
Excellent time management and organisational skills.

 

How to Apply

Please send your application to  jobs@orbxsystems.com with "Technical Artist" as the subject. Applications should include a cover letter, resume and a link to your portfolio.
